Sphinx docs (#50)
qgrad/qgrad: docs/source/install.rst

+================+==============+=====================================================+
| **Python**     | 3.7+         | Not tested for lower versions.                      |
+----------------+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| **NumPy**      | 1.19+        | Not tested on lower versions.                       |
+----------------+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| **SciPy**      | 1.3+         | Not tested for lower versions.                      |
+----------------+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| **Matplotlib** | 3.2.2+       | Needed for tutorials.                               |
+----------------+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| **Cython**     | 0.21+        | Needed for working with QuTiP.                      |  
+----------------+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| **pytest**     | 5.1.3+       | For running tests                                   |
+----------------+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

> In addition to the standard standard packages listed above,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the standard packages listed above,
```

`JAX <https://github.com/google/jax>`_ is needed to work with qgrad. JAX can be 

> installed with the following commands::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installed with the following commands:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: bash

```

Author: yeah, :: works for bash too. I am wondering then including .. code- block:: bash wouldn't be needed?

    pip install --upgrade pip
    pip install --upgrade jax jaxlib  # CPU-only version

For custom installing JAX, please visit JAX's GitHub `page <https://github.com/google/jax>`_.

Although qgrad's API is intentionally made similar to that of 

> `QuTiP <https://github.com/qutip/qutip>`_, we have tried our
> best to exclude QuTiP as a dependecy in the core package. We still, however, use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`QuTiP <https://github.com/qutip/qutip>`_, QuTiP is not a dependency of the core package. However, qgrad still requires  
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to make the tone more formal.

QuTiP for testing at the moment. To install QuTiP using conda, run::

    conda install qutip

To install using pip, run::

    pip install qutip

For custom installation, see QuTiP `docs <http://qutip.org/docs/4.1/installation.html>`_.

**Installing via pip**
######################

With the above packages installed, qgrad can now installed via 

> `pip <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_::

Reviewer: I thought :: was only for python. maybe it works also for bash.
